Title: Disappointed with Hydro Flask Quality


I recently purchased a Hydro Flask water bottle, hoping for the durability and quality that they are known for. Unfortunately, my experience has been far from satisfactory. After only a few days of use, the bottle is completely damaged.


The first issue I encountered was with the lid. It began leaking almost immediately, which is a major inconvenience, especially when I expected a tight seal. I also noticed that the paint started chipping off surprisingly quickly, making the bottle look shabby and cheap.


What really surprised me was that the bottle didn't live up to its insulation claims. My cold drinks didn't stay cold as long as advertised, and my hot drinks didn't stay hot either. This was a big letdown, as I purchased this bottle for its supposed excellent insulation properties.


Considering the premium price I paid for this Hydro Flask, I expected a lot more in terms of quality and performance. Sadly, I cannot recommend this product based on my experience. It has been a disappointment from the start, and I am now looking for a more reliable alternative.
This is the second Hydroflask I have purchased off of Amazon. Was hoping the first water bottle being terribly easy to damage was a fluke. Same issue with this one too. One 3ft knocked over fall from a child’s desk onto carpeted class room floor caused the bottle to become this damaged. One drop. One! It’s acting more like an aluminum bottle than stainless steel. Edge is now very sharp and the last water bottle it was the same short drop that cracked it and started leaking and became a useless chuck of metal. If this water bottle even taps a hard surface again it will begin to leak as well and then become another $30 plus waste of a purchase/bottle. Is this normal? I wouldn’t think a bottle like this should crack from a one time short drop onto carpet flooring. Sad again.
The insulating power is over-stated in the description. The outside dented from a single fall (<3 ft) to a kitchen floor. And, what's worse, after just a few months of use (water only), the interior metal lining is pitted. Substandard stainless steel? Meanwhile, a non-branded insulated water bottle that I received as a free promotional gift 6+ years ago looks and works better and, most importantly, has no pits ion the interior.
Return window closed on Sept 27 but ours broke on Sept 28. The handle broke right off and it was relatively new and pretty gently used - it was gently used that it has no scratches or dents. Can’t believe how it just snapped off. It felt defective and flawed from the onset. We’ve used some other water bottles that didn’t cost as much and they’ve outlived this one. What a shame, now I realize that these Hydroflask bottles are faulty and poorly made. Can’t justify the cost for this, will not be buying again.
This water bottle will make your water taste like metal after a few uses. While you are drinking from it you will notice a smell like rusted metal or like mold. Also the metal part on the inside will start to rust if it’s not kept filled with water or if you leave water residue while it’s not being used after washing it.


Other than that, the bottle works perfectly to keep your drink cold/hot if you don’t mind the chemical flavor added by the material it is made out of. I fill it with freezing cold water in the morning and by the next morning it will still be cold if I didn’t finish drinking it.


I would not recommend using this bottle for a long term use. It is only good for like a week or a one time use as it will stop working once your water start tasting like rusted metal.
This water bottle doesn’t keep my daughter’s water cold throughout the school day. I fill it half with ice in the morning and by the time schools over it’s melted and the water is not very cold. It was also super dented and banged up after only 2 weeks of use AND the handle broke on the second day of school. We ended up buying her a new Yeti which keeps her ice frozen throughout school and after school practices. And, after weeks of use the Yeti still looks BRAND NEW. This was an expensive bottle to only use for 2 weeks :(
This water bottle arrived in beautiful condition but did not keep ice or any liquids cold. As Hydro Flask has a replacement policy, I paid $11 to send the defective bottle to them only to have them send me a new one, but not in the same color nor in a color of my choosing. Customer service at Hydro Flask chooses the color for you. If you are dissatisfied with the company-selected color, you can pay another $11 to send the bottle back and select the replacement. That is all the company was willing to offer after being sold a defective product and paying for the return. These bottles dent so very very easily and obviously some arrive unknowingly defective. If you choose to purchase from Hydro Flask, please test your cups/bottles immediately...let ice sit in the container overnight. If it is still there in the morning you are likely fine. But maybe give another company a try. I have not had any issues with my Yeti and Thermos hydration bottles. I will not be purchasing another Hydro Flask product.
As you can see by the photos, the item came dented in five different spots. Even worse, the cap was barely on and when I opened it, liquid spilled all over me. DISTGUSTING!! Unfortunately, I can't give zero stars for this product. How could this be packed in this condition without anyone noticing?
Absolutely terrible. I've had a Yeti, and it's lasted me forever. I figured it was time to get a second water bottle, and picked up a hydroflask. Big, big mistake.


I dropped it from my bedside table in the night, and it dented immediately. "No big deal, just a cosmetic issue" I thought, and didn't return it. Two weeks later, I set it on footstool as I was putting my shoes on, and knocked it down when picking it back up. The cap shattered and the bottle now leaks.


I bought this thinking it would last me several years, but it is now useless within <2 months of occasional use. Shocking how bad the quality of these things is, especially considering that it's all that it's taken to render the bottle unusable is minor falls off of pretty low-to-the-ground objects.
I have used these bottles for years and loved them, replacing as they got too beat up. The most recent one I purchased is either defective or the quality of these bottles overall has declined dramatically. Since I first started using it a month or two ago, it has not actually stayed cold. Where I used to fill it with ice water at night and still have both ice and cold water in the morning, now it's cool to warm depending on the day. It has no dents or issues visible, just doesn't do a critical thing I purchased it for. Very disappointed.
Nice looking bottle, however, it does not keep water cold. I took the water on vacation and was very disappointed. The bottle sweats and the water inside gets warm very quickly. Within a couple of hours, the water inside is at room temperature. If I was out in the heat, the water warmed up super fast. Unfortunately, I have missed the return date, so I'm stuck with a pretty, but useless bottle.
This is the first time I’ve purchased a hydro flask water bottle. I was excited about it’s sleek design and thought it would be great to take with me on vacation. Unfortunately when you go to drink out of the container, it tastes like metal vs being tasteless. That is a big “No Go” for me!! I’ve never experienced the metal taste with any of my yeti or RTIC water bottles.
Product stopped keeping items cold after 30 days Amazon will do nothing to help us out. We did the testing like recommended to see what the problem is and obviously there’s issues with the insulation in the vacuum seal. The flask is never been dropped or anything but Amazon will do nothing to help us because it’s past the 30 day mark.
I am very dissatisfied. The strap on the cap broke after two months of use and the return window has closed. I am extremely upset. I had a hydro flask for four years before this and the only reason I had to replace was due to dents that were my fault. This is upsetting and I feel I should get a refund.
Very disappointed that bolt holding handle strap on one side snapped off with no provocation. It can’t be put back in; appears defective. We weren’t hard on it at all. Very surprised it broke after one month of use. Have contacted manufacturer; no response as of yet….
I liked my hydro flask until the insulation failed 10 months after purchase. I submitted a product replacement form online 2 weeks ago. Received no confirmation letter nor acknowledgment from the company. I then tried emailing them. According to their website, their customer support agent will get back to me within 48 hours. It's been 4 days and I still have not heard from them. Do not offer a lifetime warranty if you don't plan on honoring them. The lack of customer support for products that are listed at a premium price is just not acceptable. I hope people who plan on buying a hydro flask will think twice after they see this review. They are other companies that sell similar products with much better customer service. I really see no reason I should ever buy anything else from Hydro Flask again.
I figured that for the price, these would be pretty sturdy, but after one drop it had a big dent in it… after a few fairly low drops, it was destroyed.
I've had two of these recently. The last one I had for over a year randomly broke. One day I noticed a tiny hole appear in the bottom of the bottle which is what happens when the vacuum seal perforates and it loses it's insulated barrier. I don't know what caused it. The main problem with this is that water gets into that hole and comes out with a metallic taste and ruins it. (That's why I started even looking for something in the first place) Oh well, I thought I've had it for a while maybe I dropped it recently and forgot or something. So I bought another one. It's barely been a month and I just noticed another hole appearing. I don't put these in the dishwasher and I don't even rinse them with scalding water. I use water from the fridge and that's it. I have not dropped at least this one recently. I use it at work and that's it. It goes in my bag, comes out, sits on my desk and then goes in my bag. This is unacceptable for something that costs $30. I will not be buying another one.
Owned for three days, my two year old dropped it and the lid cracked. Pretty poor design for such a pricey water bottle. If you sit at a desk and have no adventure in your life this may be the water bottle for you. Otherwise just buy a yeti. This brand is overhyped.
This water bottle came dented and used. It still had a small amount of smelly, mildewed water left over from the person who drank out of this.


I saw a review before I purchased and someone had received a HydroFlask with coffee stains inside. I thought ‘that was bad luck, I’m sure I’ll be fine’ but I received a used one was well.


During a pandemic it is EXTREMELY irresponsible to ship out a water bottle that had someone else’s mouth on it and it hasn’t even been washed! This water bottle could be infected with covid! And it smells terrible.
There is no excuse because this listing is for a ‘new’ product so they are not supposed to be selling used water bottles. This is false advertising and I also hope I don’t get covid from this.
I can’t believe I spent nearly $40 for this. Save your money! Buy something else instead.
It came all scratched up and had water in it when u oppend it
do not bother buying this CHEAP poorly made item NOT WORTH THE PRICE
I also reached out to seller who did not provide any help
I had this for 6 months, kept washing it with soup and warm water. The aluminum taste never went away! Had to throw it away, It’ll leave an after taste on the roof of my mouth and throat.
I purchased this Dec 5 , 2021 for an exchange gift but decided to kept it for myself for future use . Opened it this year and found it does not keep your drink hot or cold at all but the moisture gets outside. It’s like your putting your ice water in a regular glass . I’m so disappointed ! Glad that I didn’t given it out as gift . Totally embarrassing. Want my money back for this piece of garbage or at least send me genuine hydroflask .


I get that these are super trendy, but the strap on the lids broke after 2 weeks. We don’t hang it by the strap, so I can’t figure out why.
There are several other reviewers saying the same thing. I bought this after I lost the one I bought from REI and was suspicious when I noticed water was not staying cold in the bottle. I used to fill up my REI HydroFlask with ice when I went camping and it would stay frozen for 48 hours. This Amazon bottle can't keep water cold for more than a couple hours. And on top of that I once had it laid sideways in my bag and when I took it out an hour later my bag was wet. These are either knockoffs or Amazon is selling defective versions. Buy your HydroFlasks from anywhere else, but not here.
Water bottle leaks in less than a year.
Bought this water bottle for my 10 years old to use in school. The cap broke the second day in use. I know kids can be rough with things, but the previous water bottle he used was from the same brand and lasted for 3 years. For the price I paid, I expected better quality! Very disappointed!
This doesn’t stay cold. Plus bottle lid doesn’t cover the drinking area. Not designed well.
I purchased this for my son since his old one was dented and scratched (what do you expect from a teenager). Unfortunately, I noticed when I’d put his flask in the dishwasher, that there wasn’t any ice, and he mentioned that this new one didn’t keep the water cold. His old hydro flask would have a chunk of ice for hours and sometimes days later. Definitely not the same quality. I might order a new one directly from the website instead of thru Amazon.
This is not at all what I thought I ordered. I'm almost positive it is NOT a Hydroflask brand at all.
The Hydroflask trademark was on a strip of paper taped around the bottle, but nowhere on the bottle itself does it say it is a Hydroflask, not even under the flask.
We have other Hydroflasks and they are quite different.
It came with the cap shown in picture, just the standard wide mouth cap and it barely fits. The description says it will keep my drink warm for up to 12 hours, but my coffee was already cold after 45 minutes. I also purchased the straw cap attachment, but it doesn't screw on tight and falls off.
I feel like I got ripped off in every sense of the word.
it hold water, i like the lid handle, and the water taste good, it doesn't give the water a bad taste. however, when it comes to keeping things cold, it bombs out big time, the rtic brand is 5 times better. filled it to the max with ice, an added water, and 4 hours later ice was completely gone, water was still cold, but no ice, when i fill it with just ice then the ice maybe last 6-7 hours. when its just cold water, then its maybe an extra 2 hours of cold. i have the thermoflask brand bottles from costco and even they beat this soundly. recap, its a good water bottle, and it feels good, fits a cup holder in a car, but as far as keeping things cold, the Walmart stuff is as good or better